Remove details on using CID to associate flows (#309)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-manageability.md

## Flow Association {#sec-flow-association}

The QUIC connection ID (see {{rebinding}}) is designed to allow a coordinating

> on-path device, such as a load-balancer, associate two flows when one of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on-path device, such as a load-balancer, to associate two flows when one of the
```

> endpoints change address or port.  This change can be due to NAT rebinding or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
endpoints changes address or port.  This change can be due to NAT rebinding or
```

address migration.

> The connection ID must change upon intentional address change by an endpoint,
> so it is only possible for a passive observer to link unintended changes of
> address using the connection ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connection ID must change upon intentional address change by an endpoint,
so it is only possible for a passive observer to link unintended changes of
address using the connection ID.

In the case of the unintentional address change on a single endpoint (as is the case with NAT rebinding), an on-path observer can in most cases associate the flow on the new address with the flow on the old address, using the connection ID.
```

> Since the connection ID may change multiple times during the lifetime
> of a connection, and connection ID negotiation is encrypted, packets with the
> same five-tuple but different connection IDs might or might not belong to
> the same connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A network function that uses the connection ID to associate flows must
be robust to the failure of this technique. Since the connection ID may
change multiple times during the lifetime of a connection, and 
connection ID negotiation is encrypted, packets with the
same five-tuple but different connection IDs might or might not belong to
the same connection. Likewise, packets with the same connection ID but
different five-tuples might not belong to the same connection, either.
```

Reviewer: @ianswett editing by editors led to this change (covering unintentional address change and the fact that observation techniques are brittle); wdyt?

Author: I'd prefer this paragraph without the first sentence, since that's reintroducing text suggesting a middlebox might do this.  If we are going to keep it, I think it needs to be reworded slightly.

The last sentence is a nice addition, though.

## Flow Association {#sec-flow-association}

The QUIC connection ID (see {{rebinding}}) is designed to allow a coordinating
on-path device, such as a load-balancer, to associate two flows when one of the
endpoints changes address or port.  This change can be due to NAT rebinding or
address migration.

> The connection ID must change upon intentional address change by an endpoint,
> and connection ID negotiation is encrypted, so it is only possible for a
> passive observer to link unintended changes of address using the connection ID.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The connection ID must change upon intentional address change by an endpoint,
and connection ID negotiation is encrypted.
```
I'd prefer to keep the sentence below but remove this half sentence and make one paragraph out of it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The connection ID must change upon intentional address change by an endpoint,
and connection ID negotiation is encrypted, packets with the same 5-tuple but
different connection IDs might or might not belong to  the same connection.
```
Actually I would prefer to keep the original sentence here...

> In the case of the unintentional address change on a single endpoint,

Author: I personally wouldn't add this paragraph, but including it and letting you decide.

> The connection ID must change upon intentional address change by an endpoint,
> and connection ID negotiation is encrypted, so it is only possible for a
> passive observer to link unintended changes of address using the connection ID.
> 
> In the case of the unintentional address change on a single endpoint,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Connection ID negotiation is encrypted and the connection ID must change upon
intentional address change by an endpoint. Still, in the case of the unintentional
address change on a single endpoint,
```
I prefer to remove the previous half sentence and make one paragraph out of these two sentences.

> and connection ID negotiation is encrypted, so it is only possible for a
> passive observer to link unintended changes of address using the connection ID.
> 
> In the case of the unintentional address change on a single endpoint,
> as is the case with NAT rebinding, an on-path observer can in most cases
> associate the flow on the new address with the flow on the old address, using
> the connection ID.

Author: ```suggestion
and connection ID negotiation is encrypted, so it is not possible for a
passive observer to link intended changes of address using the connection ID.

When one endpoint unintentionally changes its address, as is the case with NAT
rebinding, an on-path observer may be able to use the connection ID to
associate the flow on the new address with the flow on the old address.
```

Reviewer 2: That works! Will commit this suggestion and withdraw mine. Text is better and much clearer now! Thanks!
